hello how about my good later all
we have a news a grandmother hits a
dick with adhesive tape to his granddaughter and
upload the photos to facebook the truth is
that I do not know what to think of these women
I the truth is that I tell you first the
news and then I give you a little
opinion not a leisure woman rose to
through facebook a photograph where
her granddaughter appears there are two photographs in
a first one so you can see how
appears the granddaughter of these women with what
that adhesive with the pacifier not and after
there is a photograph where it appears in
that seems to be like an oven
roast potatoes the girl appears in the
inside of that potato oven not me
The truth is that according to the woman
says that this started as if it were a
joke but of actual the photo was
shared by more people and the truth is
that you want everything quite controversial and the
people because nothing did not see well what
I was doing this grandmother with her granddaughter
this was reported to the police and the
truth is that the police have not been
taken as if it were a joke and the
truth is that he is having
consequences
and the truth is that now the police
is investigating why women
You can share other photos but as
I'm saying the woman only
he shared the photos for his friends but
the truth is that it was a little
the hands and I the truth is that I do not see
well that even if it's your granddaughter and everything
this I do not see well that they put tape
adhesive to this girl not a joke not
this should not be taken as a joke
because the truth is that you can have
consequences can be suffocated can be
dizzy 40,000 things can happen to me
the truth that I do not see well that then
this grandmother your turtle her granddaughter
as if it were a stuffed animal or something similar
and well we went to the last image of
this bear this bear died john the last
polar bear in africa the truth is that it
He was in the zoo
johannesburg and was has been sacrificed
for his health and was deteriorated and such
give it a favorite if you liked it and if you like it
the curious news unusual news
and such subscribe to the channel a strong
embrace all